Docs for DynamicPolicyName property (#173)
awsdocs/aws-sam-developer-guide: doc_source/sam-property-function-mq.md

*Required*: Yes  
*AWS CloudFormation compatibility*: This property is passed directly to the `[EventSourceArn](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-lambda-eventsourcemapping.html#cfn-lambda-eventsourcemapping-eventsourcearn)` property of an `AWS::Lambda::EventSourceMapping` resource\.

 `DynamicPolicyName`   <a name="sam-function-mq-dynamicpolicyname"></a>

> If `true`, PolicyName will include MQ event source logical id. If `false` or not set, PolicyName will be `SamAutoGeneratedAMQPolicy` for backward compatibility.
> Use `true` when there is more than one MQ event source to avoid policy name clash.

Reviewer: Some polish:

```suggestion
Set `true` to use an auto-generated name for AWS IAM policy used by the Amazon MQ broker. By default, the policy name will be `SamAutoGeneratedAMQPolicy` for backward compatibility.

**Note**: Set to `true` when using more than one MQ event source.
```

*Type*: Boolean  

> *Required*: No  
> *AWS CloudFormation compatibility*: This property is unique to AWS SAM and doesn't have an AWS CloudFormation equivalent\.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Required*: No  
*Default*: `false`
*AWS CloudFormation compatibility*: This property is unique to AWS SAM and doesn't have an AWS CloudFormation equivalent\.
```
